and my mom
what I do not know why it took a lot
merit what happens I think you should loosen
the patrol boat people what
your mom reached agreement with the
patrolman
but I'm I'm scared mind gave you
two good reasons why you're not
they told me there was a dark-haired gentleman in
your cell with a gentleman that dark you
He said
marisela because they confuse me
Marin are very grateful to the
veneers that get angry
s
so that moves me later I would have
Born chocolate in the pot
where they put the cooked beaver boat
and why are you doing what you have
until now justino beaver
the gossip of marisela the one that the
gossip to the be that have one already by
gomez said some things said
if being spades with a carlos sausages
I can not talk about my private life
my girl said that it can not be anything
and just go down and behave yourself well
your fans hahahaha
now that I remember I already heard merits
and that this animal wants to get
half and half more do not tell
extinctions
I want to get in because not months castilla
You misbehave, boy, I misbehave
done to watch tell me the videos or the videos
that you go there with the women that this
fact that this fact is of less
that's why I'm going to follow the example of
she like to stay alone, not state
she is an example to follow, not as
you
now they are friends he has told me a lot
just change the flat for me
and tell me how flat I'm going